---
permalink: /about/
title: "About"
---

My academic training on apparel design and computer science prepares me to work on interdisciplinary research such as body data mining and automation of customized fit. I am currently working on my dissertation, titled as “Predicting 3D body measurements with 2D images”, under the direction of Dr. Cynthia Istook, Dr. Andre West, Dr. David Bruner, and Dr. Raju Vatsavai. The purpose of the research is to develop a system that measures a human body using cellphone images. Existing 3D anthropometric databases are used to predict hidden 3D information from 2D images. Knowledge on machine learning, image processing, 3D body scanning, and apparel design is implemented in this research. The system is believed to be able to simplify the process and increase the accuracy of body measurement in a home environment. I am excited to share and continue to explore this methodology and collaborate with your department faculties to expand its potential.

During my graduate training at North Carolina State University, I was fortunate enough to have served as a lecturer and a teaching assistant for undergraduate courses in College of Textiles. I have taught flat pattern making and industrial sewing classes. Students were able to utilize what they learnt from classes to design and develop apparel products. They were able to refine their designs through class critiques. If I were to teach the flat pattern making class again, I will use the automatic pattern drafting program to create a more productive learning environment. Besides, I will use a 3D fitting simulation tool to make the class more interactive and help better explain the drafting principles. I was also given an opportunity to lead two groups of high school students to work on refashion pre-owned clothing into new designs. Students enjoyed the project and some ended up applying for our undergraduate programs. I had been the teaching assistant of a fashion and textile senior studio class for two semesters. It trained me on how to organize a show and how to help students prepare their collections. These experiences have built my confidence and interest in teaching. I look forward to the opportunity to not only teach existing courses, but also work to develop new ones.